br: add a new authentication method for Azure (#22267)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-storages.md

    Before using this method, ensure that you have granted the permissions (such as `Storage Blob Data Contributor`) to the corresponding managed identity to access the target storage account in the [Azure Portal](https://azure.microsoft.com/).

    - **System-assigned managed identity**:

        When using a system-assigned managed identity, there is no need to configure any Azure-related environment variables. You can simply run the BR backup command.

        ```shell
        tiup br backup full -u "${PD_IP}:2379" \
        --storage "azure://external/backup-20220915?account-name=${account-name}"
        ```

        > **Note:**
        >
        > Ensure that the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID`, `AZURE_TENANT_ID`, or `AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variables do **not** exist in the running environment. Otherwise, the Azure SDK might prioritize other authentication methods, preventing the managed identity from taking effect.

    - **User-assigned managed identity**:

>         When using a user-assigned managed identity, you need to configure the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` environment variable in the running environment of TiKV and BR, set its value to the client ID of the managed identity, and then run the BR backup command. The detailed steps are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When using a user-assigned managed identity, you need to configure the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` environment variable in the runtime environment of TiKV and BR, set its value to the client ID of the managed identity, and then run the BR backup command. The detailed steps are as follows:
```

        1. Configure the client ID for TiKV when starting with TiUP:

            The following steps use the TiKV port `24000` and the systemd service name `tikv-24000` as an example:

            1. Open the service configuration editor by running the following command:

                ```shell
                systemctl edit tikv-24000
                ```

>             2. Configure the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` environment variable using your client ID:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            2. Set the `AZURE_CLIENT_ID` environment variable to your managed identity client ID:
```
